Fixed #31487 -- Added precision argument to Round(). (#14182)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

  whether the queryset contains the given object. This tries to perform the
  query in the simplest and fastest way possible.

> * The :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Round` database function now accepts
>   a second argument for the precision to round to.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* The new ``precision`` argument of
 :class:`Round() <django.db.models.functions.Round>` allows specifying the
 number of decimal places after rounding.
```
